Add docs for fully_kiosk set_config service (#27982)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fully_kiosk.markdown

  device_id: a674c90eca95eca91f6020415de07713
```

**Service `set_config`**

You can use the service `fully_kiosk.set_config` to change the many configuration parameters of Fully Kiosk Browser.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `device_id` | no | Device ID (or list of device IDs) to load the URL on.

> | `key` | no | The configuration parameter key. The list of available keys can be found in the Fully Kiosk Browser remote admin panel by clicking the 'Show keys' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `key` | no | The configuration parameter key. The list of available keys can be found in the Fully Kiosk Browser remote admin panel by clicking the **Show keys** button.
```
